---
layout: page
title: Qi Zhen's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: OutBook

OutBook is a desktop data management application for freelance insurance agents to manage their numerous contacts and meeting schedule. Users can link their contacts to their meetings, to keep track of the personnel attending these meetings.

My contributions to the project are listed below

- **New Feature**: Added a command (`addmc`) that allows user to add an attendee to a meeting. (Pull request [#55](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F12-4/tp/pull/55))
  - What it does: Allows the user to add a person as an attendee to a specified meeting
  - Justification: This feature allows the user to keep track of who will be attending each meeting, to ensure the user is aware of and addresses their needs.
- **New Feature**: Added the ability to add and edit the `Status` of a contact (Pull Request [#72](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F12-4/tp/pull/72))
  - What it does: Allows the user to specify which stage of the insurance sales process each of their contact is at, if applicable. A fixed list of available statuses tailored for insurance agents is provided.
  - Justification: Insurance agents typically have to address different issues depending on which stage of the sales process their client is at. Hence, the Status field is created to help users segment their contacts systematically and update each contact's status easily.


- **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2324s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=qz1004&breakdown=true)


- **Project management**:
  - Managed milestone `v1.1` on GitHub
  - Contributed issues
  - Reviewed and merged PRs
  - Updated site-wide settings
  - Enabled Gradle assertions

- **Enhancements to existing features**:
  - Improved `findc` to search for phone, email, last contacted time, status and tags in addition to name (Pull request [#93](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F12-4/tp/pull/93))
  - Modified `LastContactedTime` field such that it becomes optional (Pull request [#93](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F12-4/tp/pull/93))

- **Documentation**:
  - User Guide:
    - Modified documentation for `addc`, `findc` and `addmc`
    - Added table of contents and relevant backlinks throughout the UG
    - Documented the sections 'About OutBook', 'Key Features' and 'Navigating OutBook'
  - Developer Guide:
    - Added implementation details of the `addmc` command
